# Sports-System
The goal of this project is to entirely automate the IPL auction process. We have a dataset with 56 players and information on their cricket careers thus far. It contains information such as name, age, runs scored, wickets taken, and so on. To lessen the complexity, we have limited the number of bidders to three. There are two accessability types for this product. The admin has the ability to create a totally new list, inspect the list, add a new player or remove an existing player, and edit data about a specific player. The user may participate in the bidding, check the whole list of players up for auction, and view the players secured in his/her team. Three users were required to bid for players in this interactive lesson. Each player from the main list is shown one by one. The players can call their team number to raise the bid over the initial price. The side that continues to bid to the end will secure the player. All users have the ability to cease bidding at any time during the process. The whole automation is built on basic logical flow and file management principles.
Run the make file to start the auction stage and have fun bidding!!

The system's next iteration comprises team-based player management. Each club must input the players it has acquired for further management. This is accomplished through the use of Linked Lists and other DSA ideas. The team manager may add players, inspect the player list, create a new list, delete players, and update players. The file management system employed here is effective.

The project as a whole makes the process of auction and team management very easy and efficient. This idea is not only focusing on IPL, it has been designed in such a way that it could be used for other sports too, just by making a few simple small tweaks
